USER STORY

	⁃	As a student I want to get myself validated so that I can view my profile and submit my exam.
	⁃	As a student I want a user-friendly UI so that navigation becomes easier.
	⁃	As a student I want to get notified prior so that I do not miss any examination.
	⁃	As a student I want a timer so that I can keep track of time during exam.
	⁃	As a student I want highlighted annotations of the questions so that I can have a clear understanding of attempted 
		and unattempted ones.
	⁃	As a student I want a feedback system so that I can submit my review about the examination.
	⁃	As a student I to have proper cloud backup of the exam every minute so that if any issue occur in between the exam my
		progress is not lost and retrieves automatically when logged in again.
	⁃	As a student I want to have easy modification in my profile so that I do not have to face any long procedures for any
		corrections if any.
	⁃	As a student I want to have an alert feature for contacting the subject faculty so that I can call them if any query
		mistake is there in the question.
	⁃	As a student I want a properly tested software so that no technical disturbances occurs during the exam.
	⁃	As a student I want a submit/exit button so that I can exit the examination if finished earlier.



	⁃	As a faculty I want to see the information about the students giving the exam so that we can have a clear understanding
		about the authorization.
	⁃	As a faculty I want regular updates so that students do not face any errors at the time of examination and loose their
		precious time.
	⁃	As a faculty I want to give the students proper instructions so that any student does not fail to meet the examination
		requirement, and be well informed about the procedure of the exam.’
	⁃	As a faculty I want a attendance system so that we can be aware of the absent students in the exam.
	⁃	As a faculty I want to get notified about the mischief done by student during exam so that I can take proper steps against
		such behaviour. 
	⁃	As a faculty I want to be able to see any student dashboard camera so that I can keep an eye on the student every now and
		then, maintaining proper discipline.
	⁃	As a faculty I need to be able to see any students computer screen so that I can check whether he/she is actually not doing
		any other activity.
	⁃	As a faculty I need to have a question repository so that I can upload my questions about the exam.



	⁃	As a admin I want a function which automatically informs the absentees about the absence so that they do not miss any exam
		paper, and give them warning if it continued for another day.
	⁃	As a admin I want to be sure that every student is notified about the exam so that I can have a report about how many
		students are going to be appeared in the exam.
	⁃	As a admin I want access to every centre’s system so that I can communicate with anyone of needed.
	⁃	As a admin I want to have a validation function so that students request like change password can be done and the exam goes
		smoothly.
	⁃	As a admin I want a notification system so that I can notify about the examination fees if not paid.
	⁃	As a admin I want to have a  payment gateway so that the students can pay their exam fees easily on the portal only, at the
		comfort of their home.
	⁃	As a admin I want to have a proper authentication using OTP for performing some important changes so that students do not
		have to get disturbed about such things and can do that comfortably.
	⁃	As a admin I want to have a data section so that I can navigate all the data comfortably.

